Update student-program.mdx (#24767)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/account-setup/student-program.mdx

Are you a student who's trying to learn about gathering and analyzing hardware and software telemetry? You can do this with New Relic for Students. This is a program that offers you free access to data, users, and New Relic features.

<Callout variant="important">
  It 

> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer 2: Hi @johnathan-smith-GH, in the intro section, this PR adds a callout whose body is just the word "It":

```
<Callout variant="important">
  It
</Callout>
```

Was there content meant to go here that got cut off, or is it a leftover we can remove? If you intended a note in that spot, let me know what it should say and I'll get it in. Thanks!

Author: You can remove this. I did not intend to keep this here.

## How to sign up [#sign-up]

<Callout variant="important">

>   Self-service sign-up isn't available right now. To request New Relic for Students, first review the [eligibility requirements](#student-eligibility) above, then [file a support case](/docs/new-relic-solutions/solve-common-issues/find-help-get-support/#file-ticket) to have Student Edition provisioned on your account. The self-service steps below will work again once this is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Self-service sign-up isn't available right now. To request New Relic for Students, first review the [eligibility requirements](#student-eligibility) above, then [file a support case](/docs/new-relic-solutions/solve-common-issues/find-help-get-support/#file-ticket) to have Student Edition provisioned on your account. The self-service steps below will function once self-service registration is restored.
```
